Natalie Austin: Can you hear me.
Natalie Austin: On the bottom there should be a microphone just hit the microphone button.
Natalie Austin: And white have a red slash in front of it right now just hit that open it up.
Natalie Austin: Hello. There you go.
Brandee H: Are you ready. Sorry, I'm fine. My I need a new phone if that in the box out, I can get it back right back up. So just don't hang up.
Brandee H: Okay, it will my home button automatically pushes for some reason, and it closes everything out. So I have to
Brandee H: start it back up again. So
Natalie Austin: Okay, what's your last name.
Brandee H: How do you spell your last name is Diane to me.
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Okay, December 19 1981
Natalie Austin: Is that your birthday.
Brandee H: Yes, yes, that's my birthday.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So today is March 4 2020 okay
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: You tell me about your story.
Natalie Austin: How you how you found us how you got an opioid is what happened.
Brandee H: Um, well, actually I have dinner, just as easy as fully assist
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brandee H: And so I had a doctor put me on like 120
Brandee H: Norco. This was like before all the law and the regulations started
Yeah.
Brandee H: Put me on 120 Norco five and then 60
Brandee H: Pockets that five
Grand up
Brandee H: And ever since then it. I tried to only take him when I was in pain, and she told me pretty much to take them as me as prescribed as it said. And so, and the midst of all that
Brandee H: Comes the Dixon, obviously.
Brandee H: When you're on for so long.
Natalie Austin: Right. What age did you start that. Oh.
Brandee H: Um, I was
Brandee H: It was about
Brandee H: I was 30 let's say 30
Brandee H: Now,
Brandee H: I was like, plenty. A so about 20 years ago.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
You know,
Brandee H: That's okay. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: You said you have degenerative disc disease to
Natalie Austin: What else would you say
Natalie Austin: Is a degenerate um die.
Natalie Austin: degenerative disc disease. Okay.
Brandee H: Dinner this disease narrowing of, well, that's pretty much what that is is
Brandee H: The Cushing, I've had MRI done. I've done the
Brandee H: Show.
Natalie Austin: Spinal stenosis, maybe. Does that sound right.
Natalie Austin: Yes. Yes. Okay, good. I'm sorry to interrupt you. Good.
Brandee H: No, you're fine. You're fine.
Natalie Austin: Was that the lumbar region or thoracic
Brandee H: Lumbar in
Natalie Austin: Lower. Lower. Yep.
Yep.
Natalie Austin: lumbar spinal stenosis. There we go.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: So that all happened 10 years ago you started getting on the opioids and they cut you off from Glee and then you what happened after that, did you start buying them on the street. Did you go to heroin.
Brandee H: I did not go through any hard drugs.
Brandee H: That I have I have four kids.
Brandee H: My at
Brandee H: The bad and the hair a little bad and he almost died. And that pretty much
Brandee H: Was like, you know what, I'm not going to go that route.
Brandee H: Yeah, I mean I had some hard days and the sled. The, the was the hardest the hardest day the hardest time quitting was when he took me off of everything 120 and the the 60 Percocet.
Brandee H: That that was the hardest.
Brandee H: Withdrawal withdraw.
Natalie Austin: Like that.
Brandee H: But after that, I've been getting as one doctor prescribed like
Brandee H: That a doctor that I had before first drive like 21 but it doesn't do anything for the paid and I find myself taking more and I don't want to, but I just, I need to work and take care of my kids. So I want the pain under control without the big
Brandee H: Monitors like I want it monitor because he pretty much can I misread and said here, you know, here you go. I just would know counseling know anything, I just, I don't want to have this
Brandee H: Feature become
Brandee H: A statistic. Like, I don't
Brandee H: Want to be another person on opioids that that can, you know, and I'm saying that is out of control. I mean, I know it. I know some of it needs to be. I needed for pain.
Brandee H: However, I want it monitored and I want it, but
Brandee H: It's a right medication that's for me.
Brandee H: Like
Brandee H: It's a long lasting.
Natalie Austin: So, um, so you have you invited some Suboxone off the
Natalie Austin: Street, sorry. That's okay.
Natalie Austin: Have you tried Suboxone on the street or
Natalie Austin: Have you tried any other therapies.
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Have you tried Suboxone before
Um, honestly.
Brandee H: I did try it on this on.
Brandee H: A friend of mine did give me
Brandee H: One. Okay, I'm
Brandee H: Being honest.
Natalie Austin: I'm an honest person. This is a no judgment zone.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Don't worry.
Brandee H: I can't, I'm having trouble hearing you. Now I heard you find before
Natalie Austin: I have it all the way up here.
Natalie Austin: Um, so you never actually went to any other doctors
Brandee H: Now, because of my work schedule.
Brandee H: Um, and the mediums were like once every few days and it would have pretty much made it to the point where I wouldn't be able to work.
Natalie Austin: Okay, well that's all we have this for you.
Natalie Austin: Excuse me.
Brandee H: Bless you. Thank you.
Brandee H: I'm trying to see if I can turn this up because I key. My mom tried to call me.
Brandee H: And I don't know if that messed it up.
Natalie Austin: Or maybe
Natalie Austin: Checking checking your prescription record here.
Natalie Austin: So yeah, that's why we have the telemedicine for people that work that don't have cars, you know, can't get out for have a tight work schedule like you do. So this is good for you.
Natalie Austin: Did you see our ads on TV so
Brandee H: I'm sorry I so I don't know why I can't hear you.
Natalie Austin: Can hear me now. I'll just, I'll talk a little bit louder here, but my phone is all the way up.
Brandee H: Yeah, I can hear you. A little bit better.
Natalie Austin: Can you hear me okay. Oh yeah, you're fine. I can hear you perfectly
Natalie Austin: Is that any better.
Brandee H: Little bit. Little better. Yeah, I think, well, my mom tried to call
Natalie Austin: It kinda yes things up. Yeah. That happens whenever everybody calls me when I'm talking to you guys that happens. The same thing happens. So it might regenerate here.
Natalie Austin: Was my question here.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Well, let's go into
Natalie Austin: A when's the last time you used opioids or Suboxone
Brandee H: Um, I would say.
Natalie Austin: Today's ones five days ago.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: So you're in withdrawal right now.
Brandee H: By these, you know,
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Are you withdrawing right
Brandee H: Now,
Natalie Austin: Are you having
Natalie Austin: Are you having nausea sweats, or anything.
Brandee H: Anxiety, I'm having irritability, anxiety, I never
Brandee H: The small amounts that I had been using is just to kind of keep the cravings away. But the worst was when I had all those those pills, that's that that provider gave me. I haven't had that bad sense
Brandee H: I just want to do it. The legit way.
Natalie Austin: Your
Natalie Austin: Your prescriptions here.
Natalie Austin: To get Gavin Penton
Natalie Austin: On to 11 you got some
Natalie Austin: More comics.
Brandee H: Yes, but it doesn't help.
He lowered it
Brandee H: Doesn't help
Brandee H: The Gabba Penton does not have
Brandee H: Who
Natalie Austin: I didn't say anything.
Brandee H: Oh,
Natalie Austin: I just said the Gabba Penton does not help.
Brandee H: No.
Natalie Austin: That's a really low dose.
Natalie Austin: That's only once a day.
Natalie Austin: That's probably why it's not working.
Natalie Austin: And it's super low
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, let's go into your past medical history past medical history includes he said d jet lumbar degenerative disc disease lumbar spinal stenosis scoliosis opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Chronic pain syndrome.
Natalie Austin: Anxiety.
Natalie Austin: Anything else to add to the medical history.
Brandee H: Did you say by a polar
Natalie Austin: Know you have bipolar.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you're you take any medicine for that.
Yes.
Natalie Austin: What are you taking
Brandee H: She has been on Prozac for and I've been on Prozac, but I've noticed Prozac gives me man like it increase it can cause the manic part of it.
Natalie Austin: Yep, that's common
Brandee H: Is that not just me or is that, and then study
Natalie Austin: Now that's known
Natalie Austin: Because it you need
Natalie Austin: You need another medicate, you need to anti psychotic with it as well to work with it because the Prozac, it gets rid of the Depression part of it. But then the mania just goes crazy.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I mean,
Brandee H: It staves off the depression. I mean, I like the man apart but
Brandee H: The man who Park is when I start making portage and just
Wrote
Brandee H: It says
Brandee H: Hi, my video and gallery. I don't. What is this disconnect audio.
Brandee H: Know,
Brandee H: My video and gallery view because it's fine. I can hear. I don't want to
Brandee H: Disconnect
Natalie Austin: No, don't you don't disconnect
Brandee H: What is it says raise hand hide my video and gallery.
Brandee H: Show name with participants join
Natalie Austin: Just ignore it.
Natalie Austin: I don't know what that is.
Brandee H: Okay.
Natalie Austin: I don't know.
Natalie Austin: So the medications you're on.
Natalie Austin: How much Prozac. Are you taking
Brandee H: 40
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I would. I would talk to your doctor to say, you know, tell me what you just told me that it's causing mania.
Brandee H: She knows
Natalie Austin: Okay, okay.
Brandee H: And I want to find another provider.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: You can call your insurance company and see what's covered by your insurance they usually have a panel of people
Brandee H: Do what
Natalie Austin: You call your insurance companies will give you a panel of people that
Natalie Austin: Is covered by your insurance.
Natalie Austin: And then
Natalie Austin: Who's closest to you.
Natalie Austin: And probably proximity
Brandee H: And I can still see you
Yeah.
Brandee H: Okay, okay, okay.
Natalie Austin: Are you still taking the problem.
Know,
Brandee H: If it helps but I noticed that I had to take
Brandee H: Since I haven't been I'm
Brandee H: Taking any opioids.
Brandee H: I've been taking a couple extra of the
Brandee H: Has a very low dose of the prize Liam. Okay, as you talk about the Xanax
Natalie Austin: Yeah, Z, and I've been taking
Brandee H: Like to it.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brandee H: Because it helps it helps with my anxiety was not having
Brandee H: And it kind of relaxes me so it kind of does help a little bit with the pain.
Natalie Austin: Anything else to add to the past medical history.
Of chronic pain bipolar.
Natalie Austin: Anything else to add to your medical history.
Brandee H: I'm
Brandee H: Just recently, they said something about, I had a marker for Lyme disease.
Natalie Austin: Oh, wow.
Brandee H: But she didn't go into detail on it.
Natalie Austin: How long ago was that
Brandee H: That was just two weeks ago. She told me
Natalie Austin: Oh, if you're gonna follow up with you.
Brandee H: And she
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: Is she going to follow up with you to see if you need treatment for that.
Brandee H: She wanted to follow. She asked. She said she wanted to follow up. Okay.
Brandee H: On it and see if any more markers come up
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Anything else to add to the medical history.
Brandee H: The pressure
Brandee H: The top of my head.
Natalie Austin: The idea of diabetes, high blood pressure, depression, high cholesterol.
Brandee H: Um,
Brandee H: I've like what about like surgeries and stuff.
Natalie Austin: Yeah what yeah anytime any past surgeries will go into the past surgical history here next
Brandee H: I've had to a very sister removals
Brandee H: Okay, one on each side.
Brandee H: Okay.
Brandee H: How old were you then I had an ablation.
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: How old are you when you had your surgery.
Brandee H: My first surgery. I was 24
Brandee H: OK. And it was the size of an orange.
Natalie Austin: Oh out
Brandee H: Yeah, that hurt.
Brandee H: My last one.
Brandee H: was two years, two years ago.
Brandee H: And it wasn't as big as that. I think it was like lemon size maybe
Okay.
Brandee H: I had an ablation which that was a year ago.
Brandee H: And of course, I mean I have, you know, tonsil a time to live is mean my tonsils removed the year
Brandee H: You know,
Natalie Austin: How old are you, them.
Natalie Austin: You were a kid.
Brandee H: Do what
Natalie Austin: Were you a time when you had your tonsils removed.
Brandee H: Yes, I was in the third grade.
Okay.
Brandee H: I'm just trying to think of all of my
Brandee H: Other than that, I think, um,
Brandee H: I think that's it.
Natalie Austin: We still have your appendix gallbladder.
Natalie Austin: Appendix and gallbladder.
Brandee H: Gallbladder now.
Natalie Austin: You don't have it.
Brandee H: I have a golf.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Okay. Okay.
Brandee H: I just don't have any issues with it.
Natalie Austin: Okay, good.
Brandee H: At endometriosis.
Natalie Austin: Okay, you have that too. Okay.
Brandee H: That causes a lot of pain. That's why they did that, um, the ablation.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: And you were able to have four kids, but
It's
Awesome issues.
Natalie Austin: Usually you can have kids with endometriosis.
Natalie Austin: Okay, um,
Natalie Austin: Let's go into a family history or your parents still alive.
Brandee H: Yes.
Natalie Austin: Alive and well or do they have any
Natalie Austin: Any my
Brandee H: My, my mother and she has
Brandee H: Oh,
Brandee H: I have hyperthyroidism.
Okay.
Brandee H: I forgot about that.
That's okay.
Brandee H: Because I was thinking about my mom, she's starting to have thyroid. She had hyperthyroid and now it's going into hypo
Oh, yeah.
Brandee H: That's common shows like yeah I don't know.
Brandee H: She has high cholesterol.
Brandee H: Okay, I'm very mild high cholesterol, um,
Brandee H: She's, she's pretty healthy
Brandee H: For 70 something you're a woman, she's pretty healthy
Brandee H: Wow, that's good. My father on the other.
Brandee H: He has
Brandee H: A
Brandee H: I'm not too sure what all I can believe
Brandee H: With him. I know he says he has the throat cancer.
Brandee H: Bladder cancer multiple different cancers from the agent orange.
Brandee H: Oh yeah, and he was in the
Brandee H: Vietnam War.
Brandee H: And so he has a lot of issues he's had multiple strokes.
Natalie Austin: Do you have any brothers or sisters
Brandee H: Yes.
Brandee H: I don't know too much on my father side but my mother's side. I know a lot. I know more about
Brandee H: My brother on my mother's side he's had
Brandee H: two heart attacks, so he has heart issues.
Brandee H: And mental issues like the major depression and addiction issues.
And
Brandee H: My sister.
Brandee H: Depression, anxiety, and she's an alpha alcoholism.
Natalie Austin: OK.
Natalie Austin: Now,
Natalie Austin: Let's go into
Natalie Austin: Social History. You're married single divorced
Brandee H: Me.
Brandee H: I'm single.
Natalie Austin: Single you have four kids.
Brandee H: Yes.
Natalie Austin: How old are they
Brandee H: 1611 six and my youngest is going to be three next month.
Natalie Austin: Okay, wow, that's a big range.
She ever
Natalie Austin: Um,
Brandee H: They keep me busy.
Natalie Austin: And you're employed, what do you do
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: AND YOU ARE YOU WORK. WHAT DO YOU DO
Brandee H: And right now I am well i'm i'm a medical assistant by trade, that's what I got my degree in
Brandee H: I'm in between jobs right now, but I'm selling furniture at Payless furniture totally not my
Brandee H: I mean, not what I'm used to.
Brandee H: But I have a job interview for a doctor's office on the night
Natalie Austin: So good. Okay. I mean,
Brandee H: So that looks promising.
Brandee H: But I don't like going without a job. So I will work pretty much anywhere. Our work is Speedway BP.
Brandee H: Dollar Store. I don't get
Brandee H: Our work anywhere.
Natalie Austin: Hmm.
Natalie Austin: Any tobacco, alcohol or drug use.
Brandee H: Anyone
Brandee H: Tobacco
Natalie Austin: Okay, how much do you smoke.
Brandee H: I smoke a pack a day.
Natalie Austin: Okay, since the age, what
Brandee H: How old are you know alcohol.
Brandee H: Very, very seldom alcohol use, like special occasions.
Brandee H: Okay, I'm not a big alcohol person. And what do you mean by drug use.
Natalie Austin: Do you mean like marijuana marijuana
Brandee H: Marijuana
Brandee H: Every Blue Moon.
Brandee H: I've had, but it's been about a few months since I've even smoked marijuana. Um, and then I don't do any hard drugs.
Brandee H: Pill like
Brandee H: Pain Medicine and nerve medicine are the are the ones. And that is just to keep me
Brandee H: Keep me feeling like I can function throughout the day with no pain and no stress like just
Brandee H: Not losing my mind.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: When did you start smoking cigarettes or what age you're
Natalie Austin: 38
Brandee H: I was 18
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay. For 20 years ok ok let's go into allergies. Do you have any allergies.
Brandee H: I'm sorry.
Natalie Austin: You have any allergies.
Natalie Austin: Allergies
Um,
Brandee H: No, no allergies that I know of. I mean, I have some like adverse reactions to some, like, I'm like some anti histamines
Brandee H: Kind of
Brandee H: Have an adverse reaction, but I wouldn't call it an allergy.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: Let's go into review system. So you haven't. Are you having any nausea, vomiting, fever, chills, diarrhea, you said you're having anxiety.
Natalie Austin: And the birth of it.
Brandee H: I started today.
Brandee H: Okay, I've been having loose stools. Um, I'm not a I don't know up
Brandee H: I'm not a big bolometer I've been sweating a lot the past couple nights, but it's not during the day, it's just at night.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brandee H: And irritability. I've been very irritable and that's why I've been taking the day and X to kind of help, because I have four kids to take care of it. I don't want to take it out on them with issues.
Brandee H: Like my face is all in
Brandee H: Your face.
Natalie Austin: Fine.
Natalie Austin: Are you getting ever scribbles at Kroger Cincinnati on a Smith Phil Smith bill road.
Brandee H: And I Kroger's on South Smithfield it's post me Dayton, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: Yeah. Yep. Okay.
Brandee H: Is that right
Natalie Austin: Yep, mm hmm
Brandee H: It's the one and day in
Yeah.
Brandee H: Ok ok ok
Natalie Austin: That's where I want to send your script to and we're
Brandee H: Done. That's the one.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Sure.
Natalie Austin: Okay, any other city you have diarrhea, anxiety, irritability, any sweating. He said, a little bit of nausea to
Natalie Austin: Any vomiting.
Brandee H: Have I been
Yeah.
Brandee H: No, no bomb me. Okay, good.
No swelling.
Brandee H: I couldn't hear you.
Natalie Austin: Any swelling.
Natalie Austin: Swelling
Swelling
Natalie Austin: Yeah okay okay 14 point system was review with patients otherwise negative spin physical exam next line general well developed wonders female know key distress.
Natalie Austin: vital signs stable.
Natalie Austin: What's your height. How tall are you,
Natalie Austin: 510 okay 510. How much do you weigh
Brandee H: Last time I checked, I was 168
Okay.
Natalie Austin: At AMP T Perla wearing glasses lungs on non labor aspirations admin understanding cardiac
Natalie Austin: Normal rest puzzles intact admin on distended extremities no demon
Natalie Austin: Going to tell you the third musculoskeletal five five.
Natalie Austin: Neural cranial nerves to through 12 and tax psych learning oriented times three pleasant cooperative
Natalie Austin: New paragraph assessment.
Natalie Austin: One opioid use disorder.
Natalie Austin: Chronic pain syndrome.
Natalie Austin: Scoliosis lumbar spinal stenosis hyperthyroidism.
Natalie Austin: generalized anxiety disorder.
Natalie Austin: I'm missing degenerative disc disease.
Natalie Austin: Was
Natalie Austin: That a real enemy treehouses. Okay, next line plan. I will begin.
Natalie Austin: Suboxone a
Natalie Austin: Lot of to
Brandee H: One second. My
Natalie Austin: One POV ID.
Brandee H: Number 28. Okay, there we go.
Brandee H: Okay you froze on us.
Brandee H: So what was the last part, you said with the enemy Josias
Natalie Austin: Yeah, I was just going over all your assessments, no not yet in tobacco.
Brandee H: Use Disorder. Oh, OK.
Natalie Austin: OK. No, you didn't go into the plan. I want to call in Suboxone eight slash two tablets once or twice a day.
Natalie Austin: For two weeks.
Natalie Austin: And then I'm I want to call it into Kroger and Cincinnati or Kroger on in Dayton, Ohio.
Natalie Austin: And then
Brandee H: To say
Brandee H: Yeah, he said.
Brandee H: He said, day in, right.
Yes.
Brandee H: Then we'll keep saying Cincinnati. I just want to make sure
Natalie Austin: One year for some reason it comes up.
Brandee H: It's called Kroger Cincinnati. Yeah.
Brandee H: But I work well. Yeah, when I worked at a doctor's office. It did the same thing. I'm like, wait, it's not Cincinnati, though.
Natalie Austin: I know yeah well Dayton is a suburb of Cincinnati, so
Natalie Austin: I think that's why it's doing that.
Brandee H: Hold on one second. I'm going to send you this
Natalie Austin: Yeah, so that's why it says up
Natalie Austin: Can you hold on. Don't hang up on me. I want to send your prescription, but I'm going to put the phone down for a minute. Okay.
Natalie Austin: I get it. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Six to seven, eight, so make sure this goes through. I have you on the phone.
Natalie Austin: Okay, I caught in your prescription your prescription once via
Natalie Austin: Email. Okay. Are you prescribing
Brandee H: I just sent it over. Okay, so it was just
Brandee H: The Suboxone
Natalie Austin: And
Brandee H: I take one hope hill.
Natalie Austin: One of the morning one at night.
You start off with
Natalie Austin: Yes.
Brandee H: One in the morning and one evening.
Natalie Austin: Yeah.
Brandee H: Or one night.
Natalie Austin: In the evening we just like 12 hours apart. So if you take what the first one at
Brandee H: 9am 12 hours apart. Yep.
Natalie Austin: So nine and nine or
Natalie Austin: 8980. No wonder reserve you
Natalie Austin: Pull your just 12 hours apart.
Brandee H: Okay. Is there any other prescriptions. There are just that.
Natalie Austin: That's all I when I sent
Natalie Austin: You need anything else do you didn't have the other prescriptions.
Brandee H: Well, I don't think I need if I'm taking the Suboxone then I won't need the
Brandee H: The Xanax because
Brandee H: That's the only reason why I was taking that is
Brandee H: Right to help with the baby. Okay, so. Okay, so the Suboxone should be should be fine.
Natalie Austin: I call them Miles take it if
Natalie Austin: You call the pharmacy should be ready in an hour, because they haven't right now they're feeling it right now. Okay.
Brandee H: Okay. And then, um, so what's the next step. Well, I get emails on what I need to do because like I know I need to take classes and
Brandee H: And we we do once a month.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, on Thursdays every Thursday one o'clock. We have a group therapy and medication.
Natalie Austin: Class, or, you know, we go over medications with you see if you need refills. How's everything's working
Natalie Austin: That are probably starting next Thursday.
Natalie Austin: They'll send you an email today.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, they'll send you an email.
Brandee H: Emails. Okay.
Brandee H: And when will I see you next
Next Thursday.
Brandee H: Next Thursday. Yeah.
Brandee H: Okay. And this has something about a blood work.
Brandee H: Yes, you need to do.
Brandee H: This after this appointment. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We sent you an email with your urine drug screen information and your blood work.
Natalie Austin: We said that stuff, stuff over to the quest lab. You just have to call the local quest lab, it's near you. Make sure they have your RX. You can go over there and just get it done.
Natalie Austin: Do that, within seven days. And that seven days after
Brandee H: I get my prescription
Brandee H: Mm hmm. So it's just pretty much, making sure there's nothing else in my system, but the Suboxone
Right.
Brandee H: Okay. Correct. Yeah.
Natalie Austin: We do this. We do those monthly just to make sure that the only thing that shows up. Is this the box is correct.
Brandee H: Right, right. Well, like the Prozac and all that, that, that, you know, so all the stuff that you know
Brandee H: So if the gabapentin. This is just a question at the gather pin isn't working. Should I just, I mean, I haven't been taken it so I don't have any risk of like the withdrawals from that. So, should I just not continue taking it.
Natalie Austin: Yeah I would talk to your doctor who wrote it for you miniatures okay with her. She's because she's the one is prescribing it for you.
Natalie Austin: Um,
Natalie Austin: But that's a very low dose. So you probably won't
Natalie Austin: Withdraw much on it. It's really low.
Brandee H: Okay, because it's not helping. All it does is
Brandee H: Like drowsy. Yeah.
Brandee H: And I can't be jalousie with four kids.
Right.
So,
Brandee H: Okay.
Brandee H: And then I'll get right is that
Natalie Austin: And then you get your urine drug screening blood work. I checked the oars on the computer. Oh, a or or so.
Natalie Austin: I will send a copy of this to Dr. Jamison for cosine
Natalie Austin: I'm
Natalie Austin: Discuss tobacco cessation, we're going to do.
Natalie Austin: I have to educate you on stopping smoking. So that's part of that.
Natalie Austin: You know that's not good for you.
Brandee H: I'm sure you've heard that 100 times. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Mental health exam completed.
Natalie Austin: Yeah, we'll do individual and group counseling.
Natalie Austin: You should be getting emails for the individual and group counseling.
Brandee H: And I will get emails on all that information.
Brandee H: Yes. Okay. Okay.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Natalie Austin: All right, give you other questions for me.
Brandee H: No, I don't have any more.
Okay.
Natalie Austin: Well, I'll see you next Thursday. Then
Brandee H: Okay, and what time will they email me the time
Natalie Austin: It's at one o'clock one o'clock.
Natalie Austin: But they'll
Natalie Austin: They'll email you on
Natalie Austin: Here they should email you with the
Natalie Austin: Zoom the ID number, what zoom room to come into
Brandee H: My email me with the number
Natalie Austin: Yeah, the therapist name is Rochelle.
Natalie Austin: Are okay IE LL e Rochelle Your show, but they'll send you an email with the zoom room number and the ID to get in to the zoom room like you are with me right now.
Brandee H: Uh huh.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Okay.
Brandee H: Alrighty. Well,
Natalie Austin: Alright.
Brandee H: Well, thank you very much for your help. I appreciate it. You're very calming to talk to
Natalie Austin: I love
Brandee H: Thank you. Appreciate it.
Brandee H: So,
Brandee H: Okay, was
Natalie Austin: Very much. You're welcome.
Brandee H: Yes. Sounds good.
Natalie Austin: Okay.
Brandee H: You have any other questions, and I'm trying to get
Brandee H: Better speakers.
Natalie Austin: I know it might be your headset.
Brandee H: Yes headsets.
Natalie Austin: It might be that yeah I know my kids have those. Yeah. What's your bad the cats eat the cords.
Natalie Austin: And they go bad.
Brandee H: Do you have animals. Yes, they do.
Brandee H: Especially when my kids take them.
Brandee H: They never come back working the same
Natalie Austin: Right. I know they're not
Natalie Austin: They're not the microphones that the microphone gets knocked out the cat eat the cord, you know, the cord. The cats eat them.
Brandee H: Why
Brandee H: Somebody
Natalie Austin: quit eating the cords.
Brandee H: We go live right here. Yeah.
Brandee H: Yeah. Yes.
Brandee H: All right, well thank you again very much and then just do I call Kroger's and see if it's ready.
Yep.
Brandee H: Okay. All right.
Brandee H: Well, okay. Thank you very much.
Natalie Austin: You're welcome.
Brandee H: Have a good, nice to meet you.
Brandee H: Like us to buy
Natalie Austin: There should be a red and button there.